add the hr question 


2)What is UAT?

UAT is called as User Acceptance testing,

It is the final stage of Testing once the appliction was finished then client will test the appliction, 
Weather it was working according to users requirement or not 

It will be in two ways 

1)Alpha Testing:
Application will test at development environment

2)Beta Testing:
Application will be test at client environment


3)defect life cycle?

a)Defect ID:

b)Tittle:

c)Description:

d)Test Environment:

e)Steps to Reproduce:

f)Expected resul:

g)Actual Result:

h)Attachments:

i)Severity:

j)Proirity:

K)Assign:



4) Black box testing and White box testing?

Black Box Testing:

Black box testing is the Software testing method which is used to test the software without knowing the internal structure of code or program.
This type of testing is carried out by testers.
Programming and implementation Knowledge is not required to carry out Black Box Testing.
The main aim of this testing to check on what functionality is performing by the system under test.

Exp: System Testing, User Acceptance Testing

White Box Testing:

White box testing is the software testing method in which internal structure is being known to tester who is going to test the software
Generally, this type of testing is carried out by software developers.
Programming and implementation Knowledge is  required to carry out White Box Testing.
The main aim of White Box testing to check on how System is performing.
Exp: Unit Testing, System Testing




5) What is difference between variable and object?

Variable:

If we create instance for data type then it is called Variable 
Variable is a named storage of some data type (like int, cha, float etc). 
These values can be accessed in code later in the program


Object:

If we create instance for class then it is called Object

object is an instance of a class. And class is nothing but a user defined data type.


Automation


1). Waht is Constructer?

Constructer is also a method, it doesn't writen any thing

Constructer is a special method of a class whch will invoke automatically whenever instance or object of class is created.
All classes have constructors by default if we do not need to create a class constructor, it will creates one automatically.
 
The constructor name must match the class name, and it cannot have a return type

It will call only when the object is initialized
We can write n number of Constructers in a class



4). What is Access Modifiers?

They are 3 types 
a) Public: 
We can use this method any where

b) privite :
We can use this method with in the class only

c) Protect:
We can use this Method with in the class and derived class also

e) Internal
f) Protect Internal



5) What is proporties?


6) What is Inheritence?


Inheritance (Derived and Base Class)

7)What is polymorphism?
It has two concepts
1)Compail Polymorphism(OverLoading)

2)Run type Polymorphism(OverRiding)



8)What is Abstraction?

Abstraction is a data hiding concept 
Abstacting the not required data and enable required data 
Abstract keyword must be decleared for a class
we cant create instance for abstract class
Abstract class can have normal methods & abstract metchods
Abstract  method doesnt have any definetion
Abstract method be override in derived Class



9)What is Interface?




10) Collections Concept?

11)encapsulation concept?





Opps
1)
2)
3)
4)



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPCOnoQVOGE&list=PLUtTaqnx2RJIY2PJZjm2_h8U6Kv4GyPwz



Tell me about yourself?

1) Im Subhash, Im having total 5+y of IT experience. 2+y automation and 3y of manual testing in the industries like Banking, Finance, Logistics.
with a solid understanding of Test Planning, Test Design, Test Execution and Defect Reporting & Tracking
 






